Create enrollment token API (#72186)
elastic/elasticsearch: x-pack/docs/en/security/authorization/privileges.asciidoc

Privileges to create snapshots for existing repositories. Can also list and view
details on existing repositories and snapshots.

`enroll`::

> The privilege to call the enroll API to enroll a node in a secured Elasticsearch cluster and to allow a client to

Reviewer: Let's focus on what we can do with the privileges rather what APIs we can call. For instance

Privilege to join new nodes to a cluster with security features enabled and to configure clients to communicate with a cluster with security features enabled.

manage follower indices and auto-follow patterns. This privilege is necessary
only on clusters that contain follower indices.

`manage_enrollment`::

> The privilege to call the create enrollment token API and to call

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The privilege to call the create enrollment tokens and to call
```

> the Enroll Node and Enroll Token API. `enroll` is also included in `manage_enrollment`.

Reviewer: We don;t have an `Enroll Token` API, right ? 

Also, maybe "is implicitly granted by" instead of "is also included in" ?

manage follower indices and auto-follow patterns. This privilege is necessary
only on clusters that contain follower indices.

> `manage_enrollment`::

Reviewer: Same as above: 

Privilege to create enrollment tokens that can be used to join new nodes to a cluster....
